_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a Financial Economist, Data Scientist, and Python Enthusiast.

I am a Wallenberg Postdoctoral Fellow in the [Department of Finance at Stockholm School of Economics](https://www.hhs.se/en/research/departments/df/ "Department of Finance at Stockholm School of Economics") and at the [Swedish House of Finance](https://www.hhs.se/en/houseoffinance/ "Swedish House of Finance"), where I am part of the Wallenberg lab of Prof. Alexander Ljungqvist. The Wallenberg lab conducts research in financial economics with a focus on the economic implications of the decreasing number of public firms. It is a research lab inspired by the natural sciences, with standardized procedures and the highest standards of transparency and research ethics.

My research interests are Entrepreneurial Finance and Labor & Finance.

I hold a Ph.D. in Finance from the [Technical University of Munich](https://www.wi.tum.de/ "Technical University of Munich") (TUM) and have visited the [University of Hong Kong](https://www.fbe.hku.hk/ "University of Hong Kong") (HKU) and [Hong Kong University of Science and Technology](http://www.bm.ust.hk/fina/ "Hong Kong University of Science and Technology") (HKUST) during my Ph.D.


Job market
======
I am on the job market and will be available for interviews at the the European Job Market for Economists 2021 and the ASSA 2022 meeting.

Commit message:

Update about 	modified:   _pages/about.md 	_drafts/2009-10-01-paper-title-number-1.md 	_drafts/2010-10-01-paper-title-number-2.md 	_drafts/2012-03-01-talk-1.md 	_drafts/2012-08-14-blog-post-1.md 	_drafts/2013-03-01-tutorial-1.md 	_drafts/2013-08-14-blog-post-2.md 	_drafts/2014-02-01-talk-2.md 	_drafts/2014-03-01-talk-3.md 	_drafts/2014-08-14-blog-post-3.md 	_drafts/2014-spring-teaching-1.md 	_drafts/2015-08-14-blog-post-4.md 	_drafts/2015-10-01-paper-title-number-3.md 	_drafts/2015-spring-teaching-2.md 	_drafts/2199-01-01-future-post.md 	_drafts/portfolio-1.md 	_drafts/portfolio-2.html

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a Financial Economist, Data Scientist, and Python Enthusiast.

I am a Wallenberg Postdoctoral Fellow in the [Department of Finance at Stockholm School of Economics](https://www.hhs.se/en/research/departments/df/ "Department of Finance at Stockholm School of Economics") and at the [Swedish House of Finance](https://www.hhs.se/en/houseoffinance/ "Swedish House of Finance"), where I am part of the Wallenberg lab of Prof. Alexander Ljungqvist. The Wallenberg lab conducts research in financial economics with a focus on the economic implications of the decreasing number of public firms. It is a research lab inspired by the natural sciences, with standardized procedures and the highest standards of transparency and research ethics.

My research interests are Entrepreneurial Finance and Labor & Finance.

I hold a Ph.D. in Finance from the [Technical University of Munich](https://www.wi.tum.de/ "Technical University of Munich") (TUM) and have visited the [University of Hong Kong](https://www.fbe.hku.hk/ "University of Hong Kong") (HKU) and [Hong Kong University of Science and Technology](http://www.bm.ust.hk/fina/ "Hong Kong University of Science and Technology") (HKUST) during my Ph.D.


Job market
======
I am on the job market and will be available for interviews at the the European Job Market for Economists 2021 and the ASSA 2022 meeting. The title of my JMP is ["Illiquid Equity, Labor Mobility, and Talent Allocation"](https://danielbias.de/research/ "Illiquid Equity, Labor Mobility, and Talent Allocation").
